1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When I want to collaborate with other people in a big project or when I need work on different computers for the same project.

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If Git just automatically stay up-to-date with my remote repository, my unfinished work may go public before it actually work, I need to control when I want to update my remote repository.

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks is cloning a repository from others public repository, it will record where the original repository is and make it easy for you to submit changes to the original one. 
Clones simply mean make a copy of the whole repository, you can do it within you local environment, between your local and remote repository, or from other online resources. 
Branches store your new features or experimental ideas while not touching your master version. So you will always have a workable(official) version.

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It give you the idea how is the original remote copy look like and help you decide whether your local changes are enough for a new remote update.

5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

We may need to send our code back and forward when we make changes and give lots of comment in the code to help each other understand what we have changed. With github, we can easily commit and update our version in branch and see clearly we changes the other people made, discuss and merge the change in the master eventually.

6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

When I am doing some experimental attempting and don't want to affect the master branch before fully test, I need to use a separate branch to keep my master branch clean. However, keep working on the master branch will make each commit and merge easier.
